[MEOW]
Jaden: I GUESS
WE'RE OFFICIALLY
UPPERCLASSMEN NOW.
THIS IS NUTS.
WE'RE ABOUT TO KICK
OFF YEAR NUMBER THREE!
AND IT ALMOST FEELS LIKE WE
DIDN'T GET A SUMMER BREAK!
UH, DID WE?
I'M JUST GLAD THAT
LAST YEAR'S BEHIND US!
MM-HMM!
YOU SAID
A MOUTHFUL!
WE GOTTA MOVE ON!
NOT LOOK BACK!
CAN WE MAKE A DEAL?
NO TALK
OF SATELLITES
OR THE WORD
"DESTINY."
AND NO MATTER WHAT...
NO ONE'S ALLOWED TO
SAY THE NAME "SARTORIUS!"
OR I'LL HAVE
A NERVOUS BREAKDOWN!
PLEASE. YOU HAVE
MORE NERVOUS
BREAKDOWNS
THAN A WORM
IN A HENHOUSE!
AND ON THAT NOTE...
EVERYTHING'S
BACK TO NORMAL!
[CHIRPS]
WHAT'S UP?
COOL!
Syrus: WHAT'S COOL?
JADEN!?
SWEET! ALL MY PEEPS
FROM OUTER SPACE ARE BACK!
WHAT-UP, ALIEN DUDES!?
WE GOTTA CHILL SOMETIME!
YUP, EVERYTHING'S
BACK TO NORMAL.
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Chazz: LET'S GO!
TIME IS MONEY, PEOPLE!
AND PAINT IN THE LINES!
THIS ISN'T PRESCHOOL!
HA HA HA!
IT'S GOOD TO BE THE CHAZZ!
I'M SERIOUS, DORKS!
IF I SEE A SPECK OF WHITE,
HEADS ARE GONNA ROLL!
HERE'S A LITTLE
FRIENDLY ADVICE, CHAZZ.
IF YOU WANT SOMETHING
DONE RIGHT, DO IT YOURSELF!
SO HERE!
KNOCK YOURSELF OUT!
WHAT!? NO WAY!
I'M THE GX
WORLD CHAMPION!
SO HOW ABOUT
A LITTLE
RESPECT, HUH!?
AH, NEWSFLASH...
YOU ONLY WON 'CAUSE
JADEN LET YOU WIN!
WHA?!
ERR.
Man: BOY! HEAD'S UP!
ALEXIS, WATCH OUT!
UGH!
IT'S ONLY PAINT.
SO DON'T LOOK SO BLUE.
OH, YOU'RE
A REGULAR COMEDIAN!
WELL FINE!
MAKE ALL THE JOKES
YOU WANT!
BUT DON'T EXPECT
ME TO BE
THE PUNCH LINE
ANYMORE.
I'M OUTTA HERE!
LATER, DORK PATROL.
I'D RATHER LIVE
WITH THE ROACHES
IN SLIFER RED!
IT AMAZES ME WHAT
HE'LL DO JUST TO
AVOID MANUAL LABOR.
IT SAYS HERE...
SARTORIUS WAS ADMITTED
INTO THIS SCHOOL BY YOU TWO.
IS THAT TRUE!?
ABSOLUTELY NOT!
HE USED MIND CONTROL
TO TRICK US!
AND I'M PREPARED TO
SUE THIS INSTITUTION
FOR MY PAIN
AND SUFFERING!
THAT'S RIGHT!
YOU'LL HEAR
FROM OUR LAWYERS!
TEACHERS HAVE
RIGHTS TOO!
HOLD ON.
LET'S NOT MAKE
ANY RASH DECISIONS.
BESIDES...IT'S NOT LIKE
YOU HAVE MUCH OF A CASE.
THAT'S NOT WHAT
MY ATTORNEY SAYS!
I HAVE A PROPOSITION.
WHAT WOULD YOU TWO
SAY TO A RAISE?
AND IN RETURN...
THIS WHOLE
BRAINWASHING THING
WILL BE
OUR LITTLE SECRET.
THAT SOUNDS FAIR.
WE WE.
[SIGHS]
HA HA HA!
I CAN'T BELIEVE
SHEPPARD ACTUALLY FELL
FOR ALL OF THAT!
I DON'T EVEN
HAVE A LAWYER!
BUT I GUESS THAT'LL
JUST BE "OUR
LITTLE SECRET."
WELL PUT.
MY LIPS ARE SEALED.
HA HA HA!
HEE HEE HEE!
[THINKING]
THAT WAS A CLOSE CALL.
THIS SARTORIUS FELLOW
ALMOST COST ME A FORTUNE.
BUT WORSE THAN THAT,
HAD HIS PLAN SUCCEEDED,
THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE
WOULD BE UNDER HIS CONTROL!
BUT LUCKY FOR US...
OUR VERY OWN JADEN YUKI
WAS HERE TO STOP HIM.
IN TWO YEARS HE'S FACED
MORE CHALLENGES THAN
MOST DUELISTS WILL FACE
IN THEIR ENTIRE LIVES.
WHO KNOWS WHAT ELSE
THAT BOY IS CAPABLE OF?
YA KNOW, IF IT
WEREN'T FOR YOU GUYS...
I DON'T THINK I'D
BE SITTING HERE.
UH-OH. HE'S TALKING
TO HIMSELF AGAIN.
I'M NO THERAPIST,
BUT THAT CAN'T
BE GOOD.
ACTUALLY,
CREATING IMAGINARY
COMPANIONS IS
A NATURAL PART
OF THE COGNITIVE DEVELOPMENT
OF THE ADOLESCENT MIND.
JUST THINK...
WHEN ASTER BEAT ME
AND I COULDN'T
SEE MY CARDS...
I ALMOST GAVE UP DUELING.
BUT LUCKILY,
I MET YOU!
AND ALL OF YOU HELPED ME
TO START OVER AGAIN.
AHHH, MEMORIES.
ERR!
HMM. OH WELL.
TOLD'JA.
YA CAN'T HIDE
FROM DESTINY.
All: JADEN LOST!
HIS CARDS!
[THINKING]
SOMETHING DOESN'T FEEL RIGHT.
ACCORDING TO JADEN
HE CAN'T SEE ANY
OF HIS CARDS.
HE CLAIMS
THEY'RE ALL BLANK!
THEY LOOK
FINE TO ME.
ARE YOU MESSIN'
WITH US?
HA HA! NOT THIS TIME.
WHERE YA GOIN'?
I JUST NEED TO
CHILL BY MYSELF, SY.
Jaden: I WISH THINGS
COULD BE LIKE THEY
WERE LAST YEAR.
BACK WHEN I COULD
STILL SEE MY CARDS.
OHH! UNH!
[SCREAMING]
GUESS I FLOATED BACK
TO ACADEMY ISLAND.
OR NOT!
SHALL I TELL YOU
WHY YOU'RE HERE?
SURE. IT CAN'T
GET MUCH WORSE!
JADEN, THE UNIVERSE
IS IN DANGER.
FOR IN ALL THINGS,
THERE EXISTS NEO SPACE:
A BALANCE.
EARTH AND AIR.
LIGHT AND DARKNESS.
WITHOUT ONE,
THE OTHER CANNOT SURVIVE.
BUT NOW THE BALANCE
HAS TIPPED.
AND WE NEED YOU!
THIS ISN'T REALLY
A GOOD TIME.
I CAN'T EVEN SEE
MY CARDS, BRO.
HAVE A LOOK OVER THERE.
YOU MIGHT HAVE MORE
LUCK WITH THOSE.
WAIT, WITH WHAT?
WHOA! COOL.
OHH!
MY CARD!
IT LOOKS FAMILIAR.
THESE ARE THE CARDS
I DESIGNED!
THE FATE OF THE UNIVERSE
NOW RESTS WITH YOU.
YOU'RE HERE.
TO RESTORE
BALANCE AGAIN.
BY STOPPING
THE SOCIETY
OF LIGHT.
YOUR NEW DECK
IS INFUSED
WITH THE POWER
OF NEO SPACE.
AND AS LONG AS
YOU HAVE IT,
I SHALL BE
WITH YOU.
YA KNOW, I COULD
SIT HERE AND HAVE
FLASHBACKS ALL DAY!
THAT MAKES ONE OF US!
ASTER MAY HAVE WON...
BUT THE NEXT TIME HE
SHOWED UP I WAS READY!
NOT BAD!
BUT I GOT SOME
FIGHT LEFT IN ME!
COME ON.
THERE'S NOT A CARD
IN YOUR DECK
THAT CAN SAVE YOU!
WELL MAYBE NOT
IN MY OLD DECK,
BUT THIS ONE'S
ANOTHER STORY!
IN FACT, WHY
DON'T I SHOW YA!
BY BUSTING OUT
A NEW HERO THAT
NO ONE'S EVER
SEEN BEFORE!
WHAT NEW HERO?
YOU'LL SEE.
BUT FIRST...
I PLAY THE FIELD SPELL,
NEO SPACE!
MY DARK CITY!
THIS CARD
INCREASES THE POWER
OF MY ELEMENTAL HERO
NEOS BY FIVE HUNDRED!
BUT YOU'RE PROBABLY
ASKING YOURSELF THIS:
WHERE IS NEOS?!
THE ANSWER IS...
HE'S RIGHT UP THERE!
AND LIKE I SAID BEFORE...
HIS ATTACK POINTS RISE!
SO WHAT?!
IT STILL
DOESN'T STAND UP
TO MY DOGMA!
NOT YET.
BUT WHO SAID I WAS DONE?
NOW WHERE WAS I?
OH RIGHT!
I'M CREATING
A NEW MONSTER
BY COMBINING
THESE TWO TOGETHER!
THAT'S AGAINST
THE RULES!
IT'S CALLED
CONTACT FUSION,
AND IT'S LEGIT!
YA SEE NEO SPACIANS
CAN MERGE...
WITHOUT
A POLYMERIZATION CARD!
WAIT A SEC!
I REMEMBER THIS FEELING.
IT'S LIKE YEARS BACK
WHEN I WAS A KID
AND DUELING
WAS STILL FUN!
SO THIS IS
YOUR NEW HERO?
THAT'S HIM!
ELEMENTAL HERO
FLARE NEOS!
'N GUESS WHAT?
MY FLARE NEOS GAINS
ATTACK 400 POINTS
FOR EVERY SPELL
AND TRAP ON THE FIELD!
PRETTY COOL EFFECT RIGHT?
SO THERE ARE THREE
CARDS ON THE FIELD
PLUS THE ONE
I JUST PLAYED.
GIVING HIM...
SIXTEEN HUNDRED
EXTRA POINTS!
THAT'S ENOUGH TO
BEAT MY DOGMA!
YUP! THAT'S
THE WHOLE POINT!
FLARE NEOS,
ATTACK!
I ACTIVATE...
D-SHIELD!
WHAT'S THAT!?
IT'S A TRAP CARD!
NOW WHEN A DESTINY
HERO'S ATTACKED...
IT SWITCHES TO
DEFENSE MODE!
AND IT STAYS
ON THE FIELD!
AWESOME!
PRETTY SWEET TRAP!
FA'REAL!
THANK YOU.
BUT YOU KNOW,
FLATTERY'S NOT GONNA
GET YOU ANYWHERE!
STAND BACK!
I'M GUESSING THAT
YOUR NEO SPACE FIELD CARD
KEEPS YOUR MONSTER
FROM VANISHING AGAIN.
THAT'S RIGHT!
AS LONG AS THIS
CARD'S IN PLAY...
EVEN THOUGH HE'S FUSED
WITH SOMETHING ELSE...
NEOS WILL BE STICKIN'
AROUND THIS TIME!
NOT QUITE.
MY DOGMA AND I HAVE
OTHER PLANS FOR HIM.
FIRST THING'S FIRST.
I SWITCH DOGMA
TO ATTACK MODE!
SO STAND UP!
AND THEN I'LL EQUIP HIM
WITH THIS SPELL CARD!
HEAVY STORM BLADE!
REMEMBER, EVERY TIME
A NEW SPELL CARD
IS PLAYED...
FLARE NEOS GETS
MORE POINTS!
FOUR HUNDRED MORE!
YOU THINK I CARE!?
PLEASE, NOT AS LONG
AS I KNOW THAT
DESTINY'S GOT MY BACK!
NOW ATTACK!
HOW 'BOUT A BIG HAND
FOR THE KING OF SWING...
MY HEAVY STORM BLADE!
TAKE 'IM
FOR A SPIN, PAL!
WHENEVER A MONSTER
THAT'S EQUIPPED
WITH HEAVY STORM BLADE
ATTACKS...
EVERY SINGLE TRAP
AND SPELL CARD ON THE FIELD
IS INSTANTLY DESTROYED!
NO WAY!
AND NOW...
NEOS LOSES
A FEW ATTACK POINTS!
NOW ATTACK!
NO FAIR!
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
OHHH. YOU'RE WONDERING
WHY MY MONSTER
DIDN'T BITE THE DUST,
AREN'T YOU?
MAYBE.
I HATE TO BREAK
IT TO YA,
BUT IT'S YOUR
OWN FAULT!
SEE THIS!?
YOU SENT IT
TO MY GRAVEYARD!
AND WHEN SPELL CALLING
LEAVES THE FIELD,
I GET TO REPLACE IT
WITH TWO NEW
SPELL CARDS,
GIVING MY NEOS
A POWER BOOST!
[THINKING]
IMPOSSIBLE!
THAT MEANS JADEN WINS.
AND SARTORIUS SAID
THAT I WAS DESTINED
TO WIN THIS DUEL!
COULD IT BE THAT JADEN
IS EVEN MORE POWERFUL
THAN DESTINY?!
AAH!
I KNEW RIGHT THEN
THAT MY NEW ALIEN
PEEPS FROM NEO SPACE--
THAT'S YOU--
HAD MY BACK NO MATTER
WHAT STOOD IN MY WAY!
SO IF SOME MANIACAL VILLAIN
SHOWS UP THIS YEAR,
WHICH IS BOUND TO HAPPEN,
WE'LL BE READY!
NOW WHERE WAS I?
OH YEAH, DAYDREAMING
ABOUT MY OLD DUELS!
'KAY, LADIES!
MY TURN!
OHH!
WHAT'S HAPPENIN'?
HEY WAIT, ARE YOU
A NEO-SPA---
DIG THIS, KID.
I JUST TELL IT
LIKE IT IS.
OK.
YOU GOTTA LAY
THAT DASHER ON 'EM.
WHY NOT?
[THINKING]
IS HE GONNA DUEL
OR STAND THERE
AND PONDER HIS PURPOSE
IN LIFE?
[GASP]
ALRIGHT,
CHECK IT OUT, GIRLS!
SINCE DASHER'S
IN THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SUMMON
THE CARD THAT'S
IN MY HAND!
AWESOME!
NOW I SUMMON MY
NEO-SPACIAN
DARK PANTHER!
[GROWLS]
NOW HERE'S THE DEAL.
HE'S NO
ORDINARY CAT!
AS A MATTER
OF FACT
YA MIGHT SAY,
HE'S A BIT
OF A COPY CAT!
'CAUSE I CAN PICK
ANY MONSTER
ON THE FIELD
AND MY PANTHER
WILL COPY ALL
OF ITS ABILITIES!
AND I THINK I'LL
CHOOSE NONE OTHER
THAN YOUR
DARK CREATOR!
EXCUSE ME?!
[GROWLS]
NO!
IT'S ALL TRUE!
SO NOW I CAN ACTIVATE
THE FIELD SPELL
INFINITE
FIEND MIRROR!
THIS OUGHT TO
EVEN THINGS UP!
NEXT I'LL GET RID
OF TWO DARK
CREATOR TOKENS
TO SUMMON MY
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS!
TIME FOR SOME
FUSION ACTION!
SO I'LL MERGE NEOS
WITH MY DARK PANTHER!
MEET MY NEWEST
ELEMENTAL HERO
DARK NEOS!
OHH!
BUT WAIT!
IT HAS TWENTY-FIVE
HUNDRED ATTACK POINTS!
IT'S TOO WEAK TO DEFEAT
THE DARK CREATOR!
THAT'S TRUE,
BUT DARK NEOS HAS
A SPECIAL ABILITY!
IT CAN NEGATE THE ABILITIES
OF ANY OTHER MONSTER!
INCLUDING DARK CREATOR.
SO THAT MEANS...
YOUR DARK CREATOR'S NOT
INDESTRUCTIBLE ANYMORE.
SORRY, GIRLS!
IT'S TIME TO SAY GOODBYE!
DARK CREATOR TOKEN...
SHOW 'EM WHAT YA GOT!
ATTACK DARK CREATOR!
NO! YOU CAN'T!
IF HE'S GONE, SO ARE
ALL OF OUR TOKENS!
THEY'RE AS GOOD
AS EXTINCT!
THREE HONKS FOR JAY!
WE'RE DEFENSELESS!
BUT HOW DID HE MANAGE
TO DO THAT?
DIDN'T YOU SEE?!
FIRST HE DESTROYED
DARK CREATOR.
THAT UNDID THE EFFECT
OF INFINITE
FIEND MIRROR.
NO SPELL CARD,
NO CREATOR TOKENS!
AND WITH NO TOKENS LEFT,
YOU GIRLS ARE
OUT OF LUCK!
YEAH!?
AND WHY IS THAT!?
LOOK AT YOUR FIELD!
YOUR LIFE POINTS
ARE WIDE OPEN!
NEOS!
END THIS DUEL!
ATTACK THEM
DIRECTLY!
UNH!
HUH. THOSE WERE SOME GOOD
TIMES RIGHT, GUYS!?
SAVIN' THE WORLD
ONE DUEL AT A TIME!
LIKE THE TIME YOU
TOOK OUT THAT SATELLITE
WITH YOUR BARE HANDS!
TALK ABOUT SWEET!
YES. HOWEVER,
WITHOUT THE HELP
OF YOUR DINOSAUR
FRIEND,
THAT ACCOMPLISHMENT
WOULD NOT HAVE
BEEN POSSIBLE.
HA HA!
HEY! HASSLEBERRY!
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS
SAYS "THANK YOU!"
WHO?!
WHAT!?
UH, HE'S WELCOME!
OH, AND AH,
"NA-NU-NA-NU!"
AND WHAT'S THAT
SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
IT'S ALIEN TALK.
WHEN YOUR FRIEND GOES
NUTS IT'S BEST JUST
TO PLAY ALONG.
HEH HEH HEH.
"DON'T LOOK SO BLUE!"
I CAN'T BELIEVE
I ACTUALLY LIKED THAT GIRL!
WELL NOW THAT I QUIT
THAT LAME CLUB...
THE CHAZZ IS A NEW MAN.
WHO'S NEXT?
HOW 'BOUT YOU?
I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR A REMATCH
SINCE LAST YEAR, JADEN!
YOUR DECK.
IT'S ALL
DIFFERENT NOW.
WHERE DID ALL
YOUR OJAMA CARDS GO?
THOSE FREAKS!?
THEY'RE GONE NOW!
ALRIGHT, OJAMAS,
WE WIN THIS DUEL...
AND CHAZZ GOES
BACK TO HIS
OLD SELF, 'KAY?
I'LL SHOW YA
SOME REAL CARDS!
MASTER SARTORIUS
HAS GIVEN ME MORE POWER
THAN MY OLD DECK
EVER COULD!
HA HA HA!
WHEN YOU LOST
TO SARTORIUS,
HE BRAINWASHED YOU!
AND SINCE THEN,
WE'VE BEEN TRYIN'
TO SNAP YOU OUT
OF IT!
YOU'RE KIDDING ME!
HEY WAIT A SEC!
THE LAST THING I REMEMBER
IS SARTORIUS DEFEATING ME!
[SCREAMING]
ERR. GET THESE RIDICULOUS
CLOTHES OFF ME!
YE-EAH!
THERE WE GO.
LIKE I ALWAYS SAY:
IF IT CAN'T HIDE
THE DIRT...
THEN I DON'T WANT
IT OVER MY SHIRT!
YEAH!
I'M TAKING BACK THE DECK
YOU STOLE FROM ME
BEFORE THE DUEL STARTED.
I NEVER ACTUALLY
STOLE YOUR DECK!
YEAH, WHATEVER.
ANYWAY, IT'S STILL
MY TURN SO STAND BACK!
IT'S TIME I
BLEW YOU AWAY!
'CAUSE I PLAY
OJAMA DELTA HURRICANE!
All: THE BOSS!
OH, NO!
SOMETHING TELLS ME
WE JUST LOST!
JUST WAIT
UNTIL OUR REMATCH.
'CAUSE I'VE GOT
A FEW NEW TRICKS.
HUH?
WELL, IF IT ISN'T
JADEN'S LITTLE GROUPIES!
WHAT'RE YOU DOIN'
IN THESE PARTS!?
LOOKS LIKE I'M BACK!
ALRIGHT, DORKS!
CHEZ CHAZZ IS
OPEN FOR BUSINESS!
AHHH. IT'S GOOD
TO BE HOME.
SO IT'S TRUE!
YOU CAME BACK!
IT LOOKS LIKE THINGS
AROUND HERE
REALLY ARE BACK
TO NORMAL, GUYS!
Girl: AH, NOT QUITE!
HUH?
UHH!
GUESS WHO!
REMEMBER ME!?
[GROANS]
IT'S BLAIR!
COME TO THINK
OF IT...
DIDN'T SHE HAVE
A "THING" FER YOU?
YEAH. WHO DOESN'T!?
BOYS, YOU'RE LOOKING
AT SLIFER RED'S
NEWEST FRESHMAN!
Syrus: WHAT?!
BUT YOU'RE JUST
A LITTLE KID, BLAIR!
WELL, SHE IS TALLER
THAN YOU, SY!
WHERE'S SHE BUNKING?
NOT HERE!
THIS IS MY PALACE!
THEN YOU'VE GOT
YOURSELF A PRINCESS.
[MEOW]
[THINKING]
JADEN, YOU'RE MY
MOST GIFTED STUDENT,
YET AFTER TWO YEARS YOU'RE STILL
IN THE SLIFER RED DORM.
I CALLED IT!
WELL, I BUILT IT!
AND THERE'S ONLY
ROOM FOR ONE!
ERR!
PERHAPS YOU NEED DISCIPLINE
FROM SOMEONE NEW.
SOMEONE WHO ISN'T IMPRESSED
WITH YOUR VICTORY
OVER THE SHADOW RIDERS.
SOMEONE WHO DOESN'T
KNOW ABOUT YOUR DEFEAT
OF THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT.
SOMEONE WHO CAN HONE
YOUR SKILLS AND PUSH YOU
TO THE VERY LIMITS
OF YOUR ABILITY.
A HARD-HITTING MAN LIKE
PROFESSOR THELONIOUS VIPER.
JADEN, I'M AFRAID YOUR
THIRD YEAR WON'T BE EASY!
♪ CHILLIN' OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪